=head1 NAME

  XML::GDOME - Interface to Level 2 DOM gdome library

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use XML::GDOME;

  my $doc = XML::GDOME->createDocFromURI("foo.xml", GDOME_LOAD_VALIDATING | GDOME_LOAD_SUBSTITUTE_ENTITIES);
  my $root = $doc->documentElement;
  my $el = $doc->createElement("RELEASE");
  my $txtnode = $doc->createTextNode("0.6.x");
  $el->appendChild($txtnode);
  $root->appendChild($el);
  my $str = $doc->toString;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

XML::GDOME is a perl module that provides the DOM Level 2 Core API
for accessing XML documents.

It uses a XS wrapper around the libgdome library, located
at http://phd.cs.unibo.it/gdome2/

=head1 CLASS METHODS

=over 4

=item $doc = XML::GDOME->createDocFromString( $str, $mode );

Loads document from a string.

$mode is the bitwise or of GDOME_LOAD_PARSING, GDOME_LOAD_VALIDATING,
GDOME_LOAD_RECOVERING, and GDOME_LOAD_SUBSTITUTE_ENTITIES.

=item $doc = XML::GDOME->createDocFromURI( $uri, $mode );

Loads document from an xml file on the local filename or from
a remote URL.

=item $doc = XML::GDOME->createDocument( $nsURI, $name, $dtd );

Creates a new xml document.  It will be in the $nsURI namespace, if
$nsURI is defined, and its document element will have the name $name.

$dtd is optional, and should be a XML::GDOME::DocumentType object.

=item $dtd = XML::GDOME->createDocumentType( $name, $publicId, $systemId );

Creates a XML::GDOME::DocumentType object.

=item $bool = XML::GDOME->hasFeature($feature, $version);

Tests whether the DOM implementation implements a specific feature.

=back

=head1 NOTES

This module is in early alpha stage.  It is suggested that you look over
the source code and test cases before using the module.  In addition,
the API is subject to change.

Comments, suggestions, and patches welcome.

=head1 AUTHOR

T.J. Mather, E<lt>tjmather@tjmather.comE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2001 T.J. Mather.  XML::GDOME is free software;
you may redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. 

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<XML::GDOME::Attr>, L<XML::GDOME::CDATASection>, L<XML::GDOME::CharacterData>,
L<XML::GDOME::Comment>, L<XML::GDOME::DocumentFragment>,
L<XML::GDOME::Document>, L<XML::GDOME::DocumentType>, L<XML::GDOME::Element>,
L<XML::GDOME::Entity>, L<XML::GDOME::EntityReference>,
L<XML::GDOME::NamedNodeMap>, L<XML::GDOME::NodeList>, L<XML::GDOME::Node>,
L<XML::GDOME::Notation>, L<XML::GDOME::ProcessingInstruction>,
L<XML::GDOME::Text>

L<XML::DOM>, L<XML::LibXML>

=cut
