=head1 NAME

  XML::GDOME::CharacterData - Interface CharacterData implementation.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  $str = $cd->getData();
         $cd->setData($str);
  $int = $cd->getLength();
         $cd->appendData($arg);
         $cd->deleteData($offset,$count);
         $cd->insertData($offset,$arg);
         $cd->replaceData($offset,$count,$arg);
  $str = $cd->substringData($offset,$count);

=head1 CLASS INHERITANCE

L<XML::GDOME::Node> > XML::GDOME::CharacterData


=head1 METHODS

=over 4


=item $str = $cd->getData();



I<Returns>: the character data of the node that implements this interface.


=item $int = $cd->getLength();



I<Returns>: The number of 16-bit units that are available. This may have the value zero, i.e., CharacterData nodes may be empty.


=item $cd->appendData($arg);

Append the string to the end of the character data of the node. Upon success, data provides access to the concatenation of data and the string specified.

I<C<arg>>: The string to append

C<GDOME_NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR>: Raised when the node is readonly.


=item $cd->deleteData($offset,$count);

Remove a range of 16-bit units from the node. If the sum of I<offset> and I<count> exceeds length then all 16-bit units from I<offset> to the end of the data are deleted. Upon success, data and length reflect the change.

I<C<offset>>: The offset from which to start removing

I<C<count>>: The number of 16-bit units to delete.

C<GDOME_INDEX_SIZE_ERR>: Raised if the specified offset is greater than the number of 16-bit units in data.

C<GDOME_NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR>: Raised when the node is readonly.


=item $cd->insertData($offset,$arg);

Insert a string at the specified 16-bit unit offset.

I<C<offset>>: The character offset at which to insert

I<C<arg>>: The string to insert

C<GDOME_INDEX_SIZE_ERR>: Raised if the specified offset is greater than the number of 16-bit units in data.

C<GDOME_NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR>: Raised when the node is readonly.


=item $cd->replaceData($offset,$count,$arg);

Replace the characters starting at the specified 16-bit unit I<offset> with the specified string. If the sum of I<offset> and I<count> exceeds length, then all 16-bit units to the end of the data are replaced;

I<C<offset>>: The offset from which to start replacing

I<C<count>>: The number of 16-bit units to replace.

I<C<arg>>: The String with which the range must be replaced

C<GDOME_INDEX_SIZE_ERR>: Raised if the specified I<offset> is greater than the number of 16-bit units in data.

C<GDOME_NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR>: Raised when the node is readonly.


=item $str = $cd->substringData($offset,$count);

Extracts a range of data from the node.

I<C<offset>>: Start offset of substring to extract

I<C<count>>: The number of 16-bit units to extract

I<Returns>: The specified substring. If the sum of I<offset> and I<count> exceeds the length, then all 16-bit units to the end of the data are returned.

C<GDOME_INDEX_SIZE_ERR>: Raised if the specified I<offset> is greater than the number of 16-bit units in data.


=back

